New Trim functions (#936)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/functions/string.adoc

See also xref::syntax/operators.adoc#query-operators-string[String operators].

> [[functions-btrim]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role=label--new-5.19]
[[functions-btrim]]
```

[[functions-ltrim]]
== ltrim()

`ltrim()` returns the original `STRING` with leading `trimCharacterString` characters removed.

> If `trimCharacterString` is not specified then all leading whitespace will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Neo4j 5.19, a `trimCharacterString` can be specified.
If this is not specified all leading whitespace will be removed.
```

[[functions-rtrim]]
== rtrim()

`rtrim()` returns the original `STRING` with trailing `trimCharacterString` characters removed.

> If `trimCharacterString` is not specified then all trailing whitespace will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Neo4j 5.19, a `trimCharacterString` can be specified.
If this is not specified all trailing whitespace will be removed.
```

[[functions-trim]]
== trim()

`trim()` returns the given `STRING` with the leading and/or trailing `trimCharacterString` character removed.

> If `trimCharacterString` is not specified then all leading and/or trailing whitespace will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Neo4j 5.19, a `trimCharacterString` can be specified.
If this is not specified all leading and/or trailing whitespace will be removed.
```
